Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS - Improved the URL Filtering commands error when running it on a Panorama instance (#11461)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_6_14.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Improved the URL Filtering commands error when running it on a Panorama instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the error returned from the URL Filtering commands when running them on a Panorama instance.
```
